Adding example for deleting machines with specified role (#992)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/examples/delete-machines-by-role.md

---
title: Delete machines by role
description: An example script to delete machines by role.
---

These scripts demonstrate how to programmatically delete machines with the specified role from the Octopus Server.

> :::warning
> These scripts will remove the machines from the space on the Octopus Server, use with caution
> :::

Reviewer: I'm removing the warning as the users has already encounter two pieces of text that state this.
```suggestion
```

---
title: Delete machines by role

> description: An example script to delete machines by role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An example script to delete machines by role.
```

---

> ## Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> These scripts demonstrate how to programmatically delete machines from the Octopus Server that have the specified role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These scripts demonstrate how to programmatically delete machines with the specified role from the Octopus Server.
```
